this morning when I woke up I said I
want pancakes and coffee so I got
pancakes and coffee so follow your
dreams fan today we are going to
Brooklyn I'm trying to film some special
things for you guys that will be coming
out Saturday and Sunday before the
premiere of season 3 a creative spaces
TV which is starting Monday which is
exciting are you excited
have you watched the trailer yet do you
know what creative spaces TV is you
should check it up it is hot today
this should be my train hoping it's my
dream
all right I got on the freakin G train
I'm supposed to go to this area I'm over
here
African ice cream truck
okay how crazy is that this place is
creepy
there's like no one here okay so I'm
pretty sure I'm going to Maine right now
I see the lights do you see the lights
guys to see it
look at that
that's where I'm headed to so I am in
Brooklyn today because I am shooting a
special series for you guys of 360
office tours creative spaces TV starts
on Monday which is super super exciting
and I am going to these offices
co-working spaces shooting these
incredible spaces with the Samsung 360
camera and the first one will be up
Saturday the next one will be up Sunday
and then creative spaces TV starts on
Monday and today I'm in Brooklyn at this
amazing space called small cities we've
been doing a little bit of filming and I
am just I'm loving it I'm loving it here
these are some of the lovely people I've
met this entire space is not only just
looks cool but the vibe here is amazing
like it's so homey and I've only been
here for literally an hour but are you
feel like we're BFFs guys I'm gonna come
back and hang out why am i living in
Manhattan I don't know I think it'll
here are very friendly and um you know I
don't know what every city is like I
don't know what Nashville was like huh
here I I went to school in Dallas no way
where did you go I went well first I
went to the Mississippi State University
okay and then I went to the Art
Institute in Dallas yeah I seen your
portfolio class I just thought I have
gotten into the wrong career way too
cutthroat I had an internship at an addy
and I just was like I told my professor
I'm going to finish this degree and then
I'm going right back to school and doing
something different Wow not for me and
he said I think you just need to find
more sensitive people and you might want
to try New York City which seems what
another intuitive easy is it yeah that
earlier would be really harsh you know
having to live in such an ambitious city
right think about it is that there's so
many people here and everybody is trying
not everybody but a lot of people are
trying to live their passion and they're
sensitive to one another and that's and
so that's like contagious when I got
here I fell to the mat oh my people and
we've we've been sticking together ever
since and they make me better at what I
do fine you know I'm pushing me on a
regular basis when I need to be pushed
and then hugging me on a regular basis
when I need to be hugged and it just
feels like a big family and it's a lot
more about camaraderie the competition
right that's so good
so you guys will have to wait for the
360 video to get the full tour it just
to give you a little glimpse of how
amazing this space
is just check it out
there's a hammock incredible a little
loft space my kitchen just absolutely
love the space same bed a small city
that was such a lovely time
there don't mind me I'm just very hot
right now
very
nice
vanna's Magnus despite me being a
complete noob on the subway today I just
got I freaking love this city all the
things that you see in the movies about
New York City Central Park the tall
buildings everything that just goes on
the massive amount of people the
hustle-bustle I love it I absolutely
love love it but the number one thing
that should be on your list when picking
out a city to live or visit not visit
mainly live like when you are seeking
out another city to live number one
thing people people people people the
people are what make the place the pace
the city life is a part of what got me
here but I'm telling you the people that
really make it enjoyable and everyone is
just pursuing their passion hardcore it
is so inspiring I'm going to LA in a
week I think a week looking forward to
that but most importantly it's good to
just be back home for now this vlog is
getting talky but you guys had a lot of
fun beautiful montages from London and
the previous vlogs that you can check
out and you haven't checked out yet but
so many fun things coming up that I just
cannot contain my excitement and like
with creative spaces TV literally
starting Monday are you ready are you
ready are you ready and then my first
360 video office tour will be coming out
tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow the video
that I haven't even started to edit
tomorrow it'll be up anyways happy
weekend remember to come back to the
channel this weekend because I'm going
to be posting stuff and then Monday's
creative spaces I'm just so excited you
guys have a fabulous Friday and I'll
talk to you later it's a peachy okay bye
j4 in London I'm about to head out back
to New York City but I had to see one
thing we're leaving and it's the London
Bridge not London Bridge the okay this
is a call to London Bridge however is
the Tower Bridge